Document Agent/Fleet Server environment variables (#671)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/running-on-kubernetes-standalone.asciidoc

  value: "https://somesuperhostiduuid.europe-west1.gcp.cloud.es.io:443"
------------------------------------------------

// Begin collapsed section
[%collapsible]

> .Configuration details

Reviewer: The configuration names in the example don't match the reference info: `ES_USERNAME` vs `ELASTICSEARCH_USERNAME`

Also might be worth stating what takes precedence: the settings in the manifest or the env vars.

Author: Oh wow, I totally missed that. I'll need someone from engineering to follow-up with on this.

====
****

[cols="2*<a"]
|===
| Setting | Description

include::configuration/env/shared-env.asciidoc[tag=elasticsearch-username]

include::configuration/env/shared-env.asciidoc[tag=elasticsearch-password]

include::configuration/env/shared-env.asciidoc[tag=elasticsearch-host]

|===

See <<agent-environment-variables>> for all available options.

****
====

[discrete]
=== Run {agent} on master nodes

Kubernetes master nodes can use https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[taints]
to limit the workloads that can run on them. The manifest for standalone {agent} defines

> tolerations to run on master nodes. These tolerations collect metrics from the control plane

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tolerations to run on master nodes. Agents running on master nodes collect metrics from the control plane
```

Tolerations are used to make it possible for Agents' Pods to run on Master nodes.
